Hi, guys.
Worker Now if the user as already had their this product to their cards.
Then regular changes test to see in cots.
Okay.
In order to do this, we're going to need to go back to our VSC code and then digital directory and
then digital page fi.
Okay.
Now we can then use control and bits and make this way.
Now we have the heart to heart test.
Right.
Okay.
So what we're going to do is we're going to do some check.
Now we're going to say by the scorecards provider.
That's.
Get a item that does contain.
Contains key are going to check based on their product ID.
So what we are simply saying is if the product has already been added to our cards.
Right.
Then we want to say in courts.
Okay.
Then else if it does not be.
Not that we just want to continue saying hearts of cards.
Okay?
No.
Then you're going to need to use control and this to save.
Okay.
Double check.
You can see it is currently in our cards.
Okay.
Now to prove this so you can see it here.
Right.
Okay.
Now, even if you click on this, the stick will hide the items of the cards.
Right.
So we're going to need to do is they're going to disable the button.
Okay.
Now we're going to go to where we are using.
This is over here.
Okay.
We're going to do it the way we're going to see on the score cards.
Card provider darts gets card ten than darts contains.
That is if we have already had that it's so that's.
Okay.
He's going to get rid of this.
The scorecards.
Provider.
That gets cut.
I said, then does.
Contains key.
Okay.
I think we need.
So I'm going to check as well based on the products.
Heidi.
Okay.
Now, if we already have it in our cards, they're going to disable the button by saying no.
Else.
Okay.
Now, nice control.
And that's the same.
Okay.
You can see it is currently visible.
You can click on it.
Okay, now I use this and that's all it starts.
Okay.
Just remove the active cards through our cards.
Right.
Okay.
Now.
Go check it out.
Okay.
It's going to take some time.
Okay, great.
Now click on this.
Okay.
I think we have not done that.
Click on this.
Okay.
You can see it is currently not in our courts.
Right.
So the health passes.
Walk in.
Okay, now click on this.
Okay, great.
Right now, you can see we can no longer click on this again.
I can now go to go check.
Look, you can see the via.
Okay.
Now the other.
Okay, click on it.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
Okay, guys.
See you in this lecture.